It was only the language friend I have for you
show some exercises is a new one
form is racing which is a type of
minimalist race here I leave now that
she even promises the injury is
caused by the name of the law of prouni
that means racing posture is one of the
things they are bad is in the sense of
exchange heel bruised in the part of
middle of the foot only what many people
think of this moment of exchange is and
baptized as you lean near you
run all the time thinking about the
foot
in the case of zune is their mantra is not
that you think of downloading the time but yes
you stand up from the foot
the ideal according to this type of race is
that when he falls to the ground he
stand straight together with the south as the
another by the ball
so what do we sometimes first
exercise will be faced with the
correct and then you have an engineering
Missing until you will be running
stopped with the fetus with the foot falling
exactly below it rang below the
painting
So if you exercise and both running is
correct is to have an adaptation period
but if you stop during the competition
home for at least 30 seconds each
three kilometers will already make black